c:\users\craig.dennis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoXEngine.exe
c:\users\craig.dennis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoXEngine.pdb
c:\users\craig.dennis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\craig.dennis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\craig.dennis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\craig.dennis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\craig.dennis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\craig.dennis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\craig.dennis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\craig.dennis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\craig.dennis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\craig.dennis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\craig.dennis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\craig.dennis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\craig.dennis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\craig.dennis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\craig.dennis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\craig.dennis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\craig.dennis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\craig.dennis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\craig.dennis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\obj\x86\Debug\MonoXEngine.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\craig.dennis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\obj\x86\Debug\MonoXEngine.exe
c:\users\craig.dennis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\obj\x86\Debug\MonoXEngine.pdb
c:\users\craig.dennis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MainSettings.xml
C:\Users\craig.dennis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MonoXEngine\MonoXEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Test.xnb
